Important decisions are made every day in production
lines and factories where there are multiple machines and systems.
Problems include complex dashboards and data with potential errors compiled into
potential errors compiled into unstructured files, as well
as long meetings and wasted time to maintain operations.
While employees and operations managers often spend their working hours in the office,
availability to work in the field, which is very important,
is not always possible.
Thanks to virtual engineers, collecting operational data, detecting problems,
consolidating production, maintenance and quality while communicating with them through
communication channels facilitates all processes.
Our 4 main virtual engineers are in the fields of production, maintenance, quality control and supply chain.
Thanks to virtual engineers connected to all communication channels 24/7, our system is proactive
and sends alerts when needed through interconnected platforms.
Our system communicates the issues and requests appropriate steps for further action.
Our team of virtual engineers also organizes meetings between working units and provides service 24/7 in the appropriate language.
Virtual engineers save businesses time and money by constantly learning,
make processes more efficient in every aspect, and work in more than 30 languages.
Just like our solution, which works independently of brand, model and device,
it adapts to every system and process, regardless of the size or level of digitalization.